
A Deadly Virus

"Ah ... choo!" went Glenda for the fourth time. Her head was spinning. She had a high fever and her body was aching all over. During the holidays, she had spent a period of time at her aunt's farm overseas, helping her out with the animals there. On the day she left to return home, she had found out that three chickens had died from avian flu. Just then, the long-awaited call from the doctor she had consulted about her health condition came through. Her pulse raced with anxiety when she heard that she had been tested positive for avian flu.

Not long after, the ambulance arrived. The paramedics who were dressed in protective clothing made Glenda feel like she was an alien under scrutiny. She felt awkward and embarrassed as she made her way into the ambulance. When they reached the hospital, Glenda was taken directly to a ward on a floor that had been cleared of other patients. The hospital was put on high alert as Glenda was the first person to contract avian flu in Singapore. Hospital personnel immediately spoke to Glenda to find out whom she had come into contact with. They had to take precautions in case the virus had mutated and it could spread from person to person. Glenda's parents were placed in rooms near hers. They were only allowed to speak to one another on the telephone but were prohibited from meeting face to face.

Glenda was terrified as she lay on the bed feeling weaker and weaker as the days went by. She was put on a drip that was attached to her wrist. The only people she came into contact with were the nurses and doctors who always wore protective clothing. However, she tried to keep her spirits up as she tried to fight the virus. After two weeks, Glenda began to feel slightly better. The drip remained but her appetite improved and she was able to sit up by herself. She could even ask for her favourite magazines to read. Her condition improved daily and she was finally able to walk about in the room. Having passed the incubation period, her parents were allowed to leave the hospital first as it was certain that they had not caught the illness from Glenda.

Glenda took her first breath of fresh air a month after she was admitted to hospital. The nurses and doctors shook her hands, this time without the protective gear. The experience had made Glenda realize how fragile life was. The girl who usually partied until the small hours of the morning and loved to eat fried food decided to take better care of her health from then on.